FIX: ALT attributes (#19206)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/performance/css_javascript_animation_performance/index.md

Before going through the example, please enable FPS tools first to see the current frame rate:

1. In the URL bar, enter _about:config_; click the _I'll be careful, I promise!_ button to enter the config screen.

>     ![Warning screen that changing setting can be risky, with button to accept risks. ](pic1.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ![Warning screen that changing settings can be risky, with a button to accept risks.](pic1.png)
```

2. In the search bar, search for the `layers.acceleration.draw-fps` preference.
3. Double-click the entry to set the value to `true`. Now you will be able to see three little purple boxes at the upper left corner of the Firefox window. The first box represents FPS.

>     ![Entering the search term filters the options. Only the draw-fps is showing, set to true, which led to the numbers 001, 001, and 108, appearing in the upper left corner of the browser, above the chrome. ](pic2.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ![Entering the search term filters the options. Only the layers.acceleration.draw-fps preference is showing and is set to true. Three numbers (001, 001, and 108) are appearing in the upper left corner of the browser, overlaying its UI.](pic2.png)
```

To enable the OMTA (Off Main Thread Animation) in Firefox, you can go to _about:config_ and search for the `layers.offmainthreadcomposition.async-animations`. Toggle its value to `true`.

> ![Entering the search term filters the options. Only the async animations is showing, set to true. The 3 numbers in the upper left corner of the browser, above the chrome, have increased to 005, 003, and 108. ](pic3.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Entering the search term filters the options. Only the layers.offmainthreadcomposition.async-animations preference is showing, set to true. The three numbers in the upper left corner of the browser, above its UI, have increased to 005, 003, and 108.](pic3.png)
```
